[MUSIC].
Okay.
We're ready to go on our field trip.
We will meet Amy, the owner of the
restaurant, who will be creating a website
for in a sense of what she wants in her
website, and maybe even get lucky and
interview some customers to get a unique
perspective about the restaurant.
Let's go.
[MUSIC]
When you get right down to it, this
really is all about setting expectations.
Whether it's expectations about what
the client is expecting from us or
our expectations of what
the client is going to provide.
So, if we can achieve that of
communicating those expectations very
clearly, we've done our job.
Seriously, how many
computer science courses do
you have to take you on a field trip?
[MUSIC]
Taking a job, Guy Fieri.
>> [MUSIC]
>> [CROSS-TALK].
>> [NOISE].
>> David Chu's how can I help you?
>> [MUSIC]
>> Yeah, I come to this restaurant very
often, usually about once a month or
twice a month.
>> I would come here once
a month with my wife.
>> I always enjoy the atmosphere and
I enjoy the service.
>> I like the fact that it's Kosher.
And the fact that the food is very
good all the time, consistently good.
So that's why I like to
come to this restaurant.
>> Me, personally, I always eat chicken,
that's my favorite dish.
>> And I can also, when I don't finish
much ample portions, I can take home.
Tastes good.
[LAUGH] I mean that's why I like it.
It's the type of thing which I
expect a good Chinese dish to have.
>> I love the chicken itself,
I just love the way it's made.
I enjoy it.
>> Have you ever heard of Johns
Hopkins Whiting School of Engineering?
>> Of course.
>> You think it's a good school?
>> It's absolutely a good school.
>> The food is exceptional, and
I know it's Zagat rated, so
I can always trust that the food is
going to be fresh and ready to eat.
And, I always enjoy it.
>> Joseph Rosenblatt,
class of 1964, Hopkins.
>> So you actually went to Hopkins?
>> Yep.
[MUSIC]
>> Hello.
>> Hi.
>> Ready for our meeting?
>> Sure.
[MUSIC]
>> So
if you had to do a little self-criticism,
Is there anything about the restaurant
you would want to improve?
>> Yes, to get a better website.
>> Get a better website,
that's a very good answer.
[LAUGH]
>> Thank you.
>> Okay, so what I did was I
prepared a few websites for
you to look at and what I want you to do
is, I've pulled them up on this iPad here.
What I want you to do
is take a look at them.
And let me know, these are all
sites of Chinese restaurants.
And take a look and
see if you like any of them and
if you want your website to be kind of
similar or something like that.
>> Sure.
>> And you can scroll back and
forth over here and take a look.
And if you do like it,
what do you like about it?
What appeals to you about that website?
Or what doesn't?
What do you not want to
come out of that website?
What do you like about it?
>> The colors.
>> You like the colors?
You like the colors.
>> Very clear.
>> You like the fact that it's clean and
looking very clean, okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> And the item are very,
very user-friendly.
>> User-friendly?
Looks very user-friendly to you?
Okay, so this site looks very
user-friendly to you, okay.
>> Yeah.
>> And it looks clean.
>> Very practical.
>> Very practical, okay.
Very good, very good.
So you like,
this the type of site you would like.
Okay, that's good.
Is this something like, obviously we're
not going to do these colors for your
website, because your website is going to
be more with the colors of the restaurant.
>> Of course, I mean, I understand.
>> But you like this setup.
>> Yeah.
>> So we're going to have some decisions
to make as we go and develop the website.
You know, we're a good thing,
stuff like that.
Can you designate one person
who's going to be responsible for
all decisions regarding this project?
And who would that person be?
>> It would be me.
>> It'd be you, so
it be you who's deciding.
And you're pretty much available so we can
call you if there's something going on and
there shouldn't be a two-week type
of wait before we hear an answer.
We need something for a decision.
So you'll be able to decide?
>> Yeah, no problem.
>> Okay, great, very good.
So we can do that.
So let me explain to you a couple of
what the process is going to be like.
Basically, we're going to create a mockup
of the website, not the real website.
So just a mock-up,
a drawing of the website.
And we're going to show it to you and
basically see if you approve
of the way it's going.
And we'll give you three revisions,
three times
that you can update the thing and say,
I want something different a little bit.
And after that, you'll try to finalize it.
Are you okay with that?
You're okay with that type of setup?
>> Yes.
That's fine.
>> Okay, great. Okay.
You saw the pictures on that website and
you really like the fact that
there's pictures on there, right?
>> Yes.
>> So
pictures that have usually, especially,
a website like this is very important.
Would you be able to commit to providing
the entire menu of the restaurant?
So, we could come and
bring a photographer and
actually take a picture of
every single item on the menu.
Would you be okay with doing that?
>> Yeah, as long as still be kosher menu-
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's fine.
>> It'll still be a kosher menu, yes.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Absolutely.
Okay, so very good.
So we'll bring a photographer in, and then
you'll basically have to cook every single
item in the menu, and we'll bring it out
and the photographer will take a picture.
>> Sure, that's fine.
>> Okay, excellent.
Very good.
So this is a Kosher restaurant,
is that correct?
>> Yes.
>> Kosher restaurant?
>> We're Kosher.
>> And so what does that you know,
in terms of cooking and
if there's a dealing with stuff.
What does that mean for you?
>> We have a [INAUDIBLE] here.
>> You have somebody who is a supervisor.
>> Yeah, nowadays, people start making
a lot of ingredients with a Kosher logo.
So that means we have a lot of choices.
>> So I spoke to quite a number of
customers that you have here and
not everybody wanted to be on camera,
but everybody loves your food.
>> Thank you.
>> Do you like chinese food yourself?
>> Of course.
>> Do you eat all the chinese food a lot?
>> Really, okay.
>> [LAUGH] I'm a Chinese.
>> So you're not sick of it.
So you're not sick of it.
>> No, not at all.
>> So you eat it,
even though you see it everyday in
the restaurant you're not sick of it.
>> No, not at all.
>> Okay good.
>> I never get tired of chinese food.
>> This restaurant is
actually pretty cozy.
And it's small-
>> Thank you.
>> But at the same time it feels
kind of cozy, it's relaxing, right.
Is that kind of the feel
you're trying to go for?
>> Yeah.
>> On purpose?
>> Okay, so now we're ready
to leave the restaurant and
start designing and coding our website.
But before we do,
one of the most important rules is,
don't ever code on an empty stomach.
I know you really are anxious
to start coding the website.
But I'm a little busy.
So I'll be right back.
[MUSIC].
We'll do the website after this.
I don't know what my line was.
[LAUGH].
>> I'm going to put this in bloopers.
>> [LAUGH].
>> Okay.
And your line was?
What's it called?
>> I don't why I got into computers.
Food tasting seems like a much better job.
Anyway.
[LAUGH]
Okay,
one second.
Think so, you do it like this?
It's hard to do it this way.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's two fingers.
>> Two fingers.
>> Instead of ten fingers.
>> Two fingers instead of ten fingers?
>> Yes.
Okay.
>> Just hold it with two fingers?
>> Yeah.
>> Like this?
This is very hard.
>> Put the, bring this finger here,
in the middle.
>> Put the middle finger in
between those two fingers?
>> Yeah.
>> Like this?
And then try to [CROSSTALK].
>> And then you have to grab it like that?
>> Yeah, exactly.
You're good.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
>> Let me ask you a question,
do you have a fork?
[LAUGH]
>> This is much better than a fork.
>> This is much better than a fork?
>> Can you pick up a rice with a fork?
>> No.
>> Can you?
>> But I can do it with a spoon.
>> See I can pick up
rice with a chopstick.
>> You can pickup rice with a chopstick,
let's see it.
Wow, that's some skill.
Let's see if I can do it,
I can pick up a carrot, it's much bigger.
>> Much better, good job.
>> Wow, look at this, look at this.
I'm learning, this is incredible, okay.
Next, I'm going to do the rice, ready?
>> Uh-huh.
Good.
>> My goodness.
>> Good job.
>> At the same time I have to eat this.
Right?
>> Yeah.
>> It's had to balance and
eat it at the same time.
>> Yeah.
>> It takes some skill.
>> Good job.
There you go.
>> Tastes much better from the chopsticks.
>> You're a good student.
>> [LAUGH]
[MUSIC]